## Mod Description
This mod turns the enemies of Quake 4 into NPCs that the player can befriend by providing them with "gifts." Although these gifts are still weapons that you shoot at them, they will do no harm and instead increase friendship points. If you've earned friendship points, the NPCs will greet you much kinder than before. Around spawn are 10 items to collect, consisting of different weapon types and the occassional extra ammo. There are 5 enemies who will stand nearby, and if you approach them they will do a melee "attack" to try and talk to you.
## What Has Been Changed
This mod adds a HUD element to track "friendship" points, as well as a new title and a help section on the main menu screen. Enemies will not do any damage to the player, and friendly AI will also do no damage to enemies, making the game entirely passive. Instead of killing enemies when shooting them, the mod treats this as the player "gifting" that weapon to the hit enemy. The player and necessary entities spawn in a new location so that everything can be tested quickly and easily. Depending on whether you have been gifitng or not, enemies will either greet you friendly, or as a "stranger." Various weapons and extra ammo are scattered nearby as collectable gifts to give the NPCs.
## How to Test Deliverables
Everything has been put in the same general area for ease of testing. Player should be able to walk over items to pick them up, and shoot in the direction of an enemy to provide that item as a "gift". To test conditional dialogue, walk up to enemy and have them do a melee attack on you before you gift anyone. All NPCs should say "Do we know you?" After gifting, they will instead say hello to their good friend. Dialogue can be viewed in the game's console.
